[Docs] Add customize_runtime.md (#440)
open-mmlab/mmselfsup: docs/en/advanced_guides/customize_runtime.md

# Customize Runtime

- [Customize Runtime](#customize-runtime)
  - [Loop](#loop)
  - [Hook](#hook)
    - [Step 1: Create a new hook](#step-1-create-a-new-hook)
    - [Step 2: Import the new hook](#step-2-import-the-new-hook)
    - [Step 3: Modify the config](#step-3-modify-the-config)
  - [Optimizer](#optimizer)
    - [Optimizer Wrapper](#optimizer-wrapper)
    - [Constructor](#constructor)
  - [Scheduler](#scheduler)

In this tutorial, we will introduce some methods about how to customize runtime settings for the project.

## Loop

> Now we use `train_cfg`, `val_cfg` and `test_cfg` to control the training workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Loop` means the workflow of training, validation, or testing. And we use `train_cfg`, `val_cfg` and `test_cfg` to build `Loop`.
```
